# Release 2024.3
## General Improvements
- Use of improved image scaling algorithm for better quality. 
- Log entries now have modified dates as well and update the log document modified date. 
  - Use log modified date for log logout time calculation. 
- Markdown changes
  - Code block now has a white background. Black background can still be achieved by specifying any language. 
  - Markdown help dialog now provides instructions for code block and provide reference to more in depth guide. 
  - Updated documentation on quick start guide with more markdown help. 
- Log document details page.
  - Reversed  "Log Document Info" and the navigation buttons to got to next/prev log document. 
## Search Improvements
- Sort from newest to oldest log document. 
- Show logbook type in results allowing to further filter as well. 
- Show last modified date allowing to further filter as well. 
- Improved formatting of log search results matches split into multiple lines with no line number specified. 
- Ability to quickly specify number of rows and even show all results. 
## Dynamic Log Document Types
- Administrators can dynamically change log document types. 
  - Create, update, delete functionality. 
  - Ability to sort the order of types. 
  - Ability to change parent logbook type group. 
- Supports a two-level tier of logbook types allowing for grouping types.  
- Automatically updates the logbooks menu upon user session reset. 
## New Home Page
- Customizable home page with ability to specify up to three log document lists. 
- Ability for administrators to change the default home page for all users without a specified home page. 
- Ability to display a log document grouping such as maintenance to show latest log documents in the whole group. 
## MCR Improvements
- Only copy operator aids from previous shift. 
- Copy initial machine status + shift summary from template (Update template).
- Double click on log entry text to start editing it. 
- (bug fix) Maintain sort order of log entries when copying them from another log document.
## Bug Fixes
- Resolve issue where editing any log entry would always highlight only the last added log entry upon saving. 
- Resolve issue where new log documents would not be removable due to an unsaved settings property. 
- Resolve margin issues with markdown headings inside log entries. 

