# Release 2024.4
## Long Lived Sessions
- Automatic renewal of active session with open browser. 
- Automatic sign-in with a valid session token. 
- Automatic renewal of session expiration of 7 days.
  - Sign in using session token.
  - 30 minutes of inactivity when browser pings server to keep session alive.
  - Reset Session button 
- Session token table
  - Keeps user session token with expiration date. 
  - Keeps user signed in even during server restarts for updates. 
- Session management on user settings page. 
- Automatic deletion of expired sessions on the database. 
## Advanced Search 
- Search page now includes an "advanced" checkbox which enables advanced search. 
- Ability to perform optimized database level searches using the following parameters.
  - Logbook (Ability to select multiple logbooks, selection of zero means all)
  - System (Ability to select multiple systems, selection of zero means all)
  - Start Date (Optional, start date of last modified date)
  - End Date (Optional, end date of last modified date)
- For log entries search the start and end date refer to last modified date of the log entry. 
- For log document search the start and end date refer to last modified date of the whole document. 
- New System column on search results tables. 
- Resolved last modified date column for log entry results, now shows the modified date for the log entry not document. 
## Enhanced Home Page
- Logbook groupings are displayed as an accordion to show all logbooks separately instead of as a single block of latest logbooks. 
  - Recent logbooks are fetched dynamically as user switches between them, this keeps page loading times very responsive. 
- Recent log documents are sorted by last modified date. 
- Summarized modified information for each log document (user and date fits on one line). 
## Other Improvements
- Operations lockout 
  - Log lockout time is set based on shift length.
  - Additional "hour" is added from the operations shift template log document lockout configuration. 
- Users with admin or maintainer privilege can override the lockout. 