# First Release of BELY 
## Details Page
  - Full page log entries rendered from markdown. 
  - Popup details of log document. 
  - Ability to navigate to next and previous log document of the same type. 
  - Ability to toggle on the timestamp of each log entry. 
## Markdown
  - General markdown support
  - Markdown support for resized uploaded images. Generated during md render. 
  - Markdown references of attachments do not include application context root. Generated during md render. 
  - Markdown help dialog with some useful example on markdown usage. 
## Search
  - Ability to search log documents by various details.
  - Ability to search log entries.
  - Search only results in top level log documents and not their sections. 
## Log Document Settings 
  - Show timestamp setting allows setting default behavior with displaying the timestamp on log entries. 
  - Log document lockout allows setting the time in hours before the log document cannot be edited. 
  - Log entry lockout allows setting the time in hours before log entries can no longer be updated after their creation. 
  - Template action allows setting the default template action (see below)
## Log Document Template
  - Ability to create templates that provide structure for newly created log documents. 
  - Templates transfer over any settings that have been defined to the instances. 
  - Templates provide a structure of sections to create to go along with new log documents. 
  - Support for template action
    - None: Default behavior, sections and settings will be copied over. 
    - Copy: Default behavior plus any log entries on the template will be copied over. 
    - Template per entry: Default behavior plus first log entry of each section will be used as a template for all new log entries. 
  - Ability to specify a default template per log document type. 
## Shift Creation Utility 
  - Automatic generation of the next shift. (Support for 12 hour weekend shift and 8 hour weekday shifts. )
  - Ability to specify a custom start + end time of shift. 
  - Generation of first log entry with Personnel and shift type. 
  - Default copy of relevant sections from last shifts. 
  - Generation of properties for Personnel, shift type, shift start and shift end. 
## Home page
  - Initial home page features a list of shifts, machine studies, and controls logs. 
    - each list the last 10 log documents created. 
## Other
- Customize last CDB release into a new logbook application. Many feature have been inherited and are not listed in these notes. Remove CDB specific functioanilty. 
- Show log documents in newest to oldest order. 
- Support for logbook types of machine studies, controls, operations, and sandbox. 
- Sessions
  - 8 hour long session per user. 
- Saveable user column settings for log document list. 
- New about page for BELY. 
  